---
title: July 9, 2020 Working Group Call
---
# Summary
## Aligned on
- Long-term vision includes separate varsity and club teams, all under the Michigan Rugby umbrella
    - Main focus, especially in the short-term, is on the individual elements of a successful program (e.g., admissions, facility, coaching, etc.)
    - Can reassess years into vision
- Men and women should collaborate
    - Clarity of vision and mechanics of fundraising will determine exact collaboration
- Intro presentation for Rec Sports development team is ready to share

## Other significant notes
- Cadence of monthly calls and weekly email works

# Further meeting detail
## Present
- Jake Bodner
- Jared Bosma
- Kevin Cunningham
- Wes Farrow
- Jeff Hagan
- Mike Lisi
- John Moore
- Vanessa Rojano
- Karl Seibert
- Ben Shapiro
- Matt Trenary

## Detailed notes
- Outreach
    - Palladino doing a great job involving 2010s players and some are joining the Bench
    - Trenary reached out to some 2000s players
    - Bodner and Trenary led a Zoom with the current team
        - Positive and receptive
        - Some explicit support of varsity+club
        - General support for increased competitiveness
    - All are encouraged to contact their network for feedback or interest
- Cadence
    - Monthly calls should be set going forward. Roughly second Thursdays at 8p.
    - Weekly emails work
    - Slack also an option if anyone is interested
- Intro presentation to Rec Sports development team
	- The Rec Sports development team is Kyle Nowels and Lexi Chaput
      - Lexi is a friend and supporter of our team's work. Used to work in Club Sports, now in development position for Rec Sports.
      - Kyle is in development for Student Life. Very helpful and responsive with alumni info and development insight.
      - Our giving history and good behavior helps us develop these relationships
      - Women's team is also working with them
  - Seibert: How will they react to desire of varsity?
      - Trenary:
          - This is one of our questions in the presentation.
          - They will definitely continue to support club development but they won't help raise funds for another department.
          - Regardless, will help us with questions revolving around fundraising timeline / mechanics
	- Cunningham:
      - Presentation is great
      - I see this process as three steps
          - Clarify/define mission
          - Clarify strategy to get there
          - Raise funds
      - How do St. Mary's and BYU succeed as club teams?
          - Trenary:
              - Their club sports is under Athletics so there are lots of benefits/resources
              - They've adopted a varsity mindset, possibly to the detriment of new/participatory players
          - Seibert:
              - They have the players
                  - Arkansas State for example is a club but provides in-state tuition for out-of-state players, and then they recruit South Africans.
                  - BYU has polynesian influence
              - Other teams have similar financial support but are in 20-30 range of rankings
- Discussion on pursuing varsity+club in parallel with pursuing individual elements of successful programs
    - Seibert:
        - Many individual elements are doable now with money
        - Admissions assistance is key though and that makes me supportive of varsity+club
    - Hagan:
        - Admissions issue is astounding
        - Curious about women's perspective
    - Rojano: Admissions support would be great. We have the same issue.
    - Shapiro: Is there any other way to get admissions assistance?
        - Trenary: Other ways would be unprecedented. Though can't rule out personal connections with influential people.
    - Moore: Are there other examples of teams moving to varsity, like lacrosse?
        - Trenary:
            - Lacrosse is a good analogy because men and women moved together. I can share some intel on the process.
            - Main factor is money. (A big reason why Stanford cut 11 sports yesterday.)
    - Trenary: How do we make this decision about varsity+club and parallel individual element pursuits? I want to provide space for dissent.
        - Farrow: Seems like a good idea to pursue what we need right now while still pursuing varsity
            - Trenary: Agree on short-term pursuits. But do we need to make that big decision now?
        - Seibert: 
            - So many people can say no on varsity. And if they do, then we continue to pursue individual elements
            - But do we include this varsity aspiration? I think we should.
        - Hagan:
            - Agree
            - It's not like if we miss varsity we lose the rest
            - Can always change down the line
            - Is the issue the potential of turning people off? Not too worried about it.
                - Trenary:
                    - Yeah, mostly worried about turning people off
                    - But your answer is good. It doesn't change short-term objectives
        - Shapiro: What would the affiliation/integration between varsity and club teams look like?
            - Trenary:
                - Good question. Michigan Rugby and rugby overall have always valued community. No one wants to split the community.
                - There's potential for some crossover of players either direction or even to the men's club or helping coach the high school team after graduating
                - This is atypical as compared to say lacrosse where the club team just moved up
                - There will be a clear separation since the teams would be in different departments
                - Facility should be able to be used by both
            - Farrow: Could make sense for a varsity 7s team and a club 15s team given Olympics, etc.
                - Trenary: Have thought of this as well. Definitely potential though the model doesn't currently exist.
        - Trenary:
            - Summary is that varsity is in the timeline but we'll pursue individual elements
            - Reach out to network for feedback
            - Women may be on different varsity timeline
- Discussion of men’s and women’s collaboration and any concerns of donor solicitation for joint campaign
	  - Cunningham:
		    - Depends on vision and target. Needs to be clear.
		    - Sees the MRF as a place to give and the MRF can coordinate how to best support
	  - Farrow:
		    - Clarification that the current endowment is not in the MRF
	          - Cunningham:
		            - Does U have a say in how we use endowment?
                    - Farrow:
                        - Yes. We couldn't use the U endowment to buy land in Ann Arbor for example.
                        - Having an endowment within the MRF would provide control but it doesn't currently exist.
                    - Trenary:
                        - Yes, though that doesn't really limit what we use it on as a club sport
                        - Technically a quasi-endowment so could potentially be used for large things within the U in the future, but that's not how it was chartered
	  - Seibert:
        - Crisp vision is important
        - We should work together no matter the pursuit of varsity
        - Cal men financially assist other women's teams on campus
	  - Lisi:
		    - 501(c)(3) status needs diversity of benefactors, like supporting the women’s team in addition to the men
	  - Farrow:
		    - Beneficiary pool for single sport is generally good enough
        - But strategically it's good to address support of women
	  - Lisi:
		    - Collaboration is good anyways
		    - Men’s alumni size and depth would help with women, varsity pursuit, field, etc.
- Project timeline
    - Main items
        - Clarification of varsity pursuit
        - Establish initial timeline
        - Prioritize field/fieldhouse
        - Clarify collaboration between men and women
    - Made progress on some of these tonight
    - From these we can clarify vision and estimate fundraising goal
- Summary
    - Varsity in vision but not the only goal
    - Continue collaboration progress between men and women
    - Reach out to your network
    - Monthly calls, weekly emails, Slack if you want it
    - Trenary to provide notes and updates
