---
title: December 10, 2020 Working Group call
---

## Summary
- First meeting for women's alumnae Rebecca and Sam, and new team presidents Tianna and George
- Responding to Rec Sports with clarifying questions about how much their feedback is specific to the presentation as a Rec Sports development document, as opposed to feedback on the vision itself
- Good amount of interest in making curated versions of the presentation for specific audiences as we move to development and relationship-building

## Further meeting detail
### Present
- Rebecca Belian
- Jake Bodner
- Kevin Cunningham
- Jamie Frech
- George Janke
- Tianna Kilgore
- Meg Loomis
- John Palladino
- Vanessa Rojano
- Karl Seibert
- Matt Trenary
- Sam Taylordean
- James Wilber

### Detailed notes
- Introductions for Rebecca, Sam, George, and Tianna
- Presentation feedback: Admissions / Athletics pursuit(s)
  - Sam: Separate the goals?
  - Sam: Is there anything athletics can offer without us self-funding?
    - Trenary: I don't think so. Their funding is the benefit.
  - Karl: No presedence for Club Sports admissions help 
  - John: No real concerns in the feedback. Both should still be pursued.
  - Frech: This is a development point of view
  - Sam: Any lessons learned by Men's Rowing that can help us?
    - Trenary: Will reach out to their coach.
  - Bodner: Lines drawn in the sand
    - Frech: But nothing definite
  - Trenary: Separate?
    - Palladino:
      - Any harm in separating?
      - Let's consider the cases and choose best one:
        - Relationship with Athletics to pursue admissions
        - Or asking for admissions support as a Club Sport looking to progress
    - Wilber: This is a reinforcement of lessons/assumptions.
    - Bodner: Maybe the concern is that if we pursue Athletics, it could be wasted work?
- Presentation feedback: Dropping "university-employed"
  - Trenary: Lots of reasons for Rec Sports to not to have coaches. Not really their mission.
  - Trenary: But seems important to us
  - Karl: Use of this deck is development. Donor would probably only care that the coach is full-time.
  - Rebecca: 
    - Coach should represent the U.
    - Don't lose it, maybe a different iteration?
  - Palladino
    - The tone through all of this is disciplinary, which is frustrating.
    - Makes sense to keep it on radar but not hurt our relationship.
  - Trenary: Rowing coach paid through outside org, even benefits, but like parking is a U-specific thing for employees
  - Wilber:
    - Stop light presentation, development gets xyz. But we maintain holistic view.
    - Willing to help with versions
    - Little surprising to get push back
  - Trenary: Will ask about this being compliance issue or actually not part of vision.
- Presentation feedback: Removing Elbel as target
  - Karl: Really thinks Elbel in there is important to resonate with potential donors
  - Bodner: Could create weird conversations it donors thought money was going to Elbel when it might not be
  - Rebecca: Agree w/ Bodner
  - Sam: Agrees with use in conversation, not in writing
  - Karl: That's fair.
  - Frech: Design images will really tell the story, even if not the actual design
    - Trenary: A student has worked on some of this
- Karl: NCAA-status insulates sports from being cut. Seems like a big consideration.
  - Rebecca: EMU cut many NCAA sports
  - Trenary: Don't want to get into a situation where Athletics has everything we want but we can't get it
    - Bodner: That's where we are now
  - Meg: Back to the original question of separating Athletics from other presentation elements
  - Frech: Is the feedback saying to separate? Or that Rec Sports can't really do anything with Athletics pursuits.
    - Rebecca: Seems to be answering on behalf of the Rec Sports department
    - Trenary: I'll ask to clarify
- 2021: Athletics and Development conversations begin
  - Distrubute MR30 vision to fall supporters to begin development conversations
  - Frech: Can help with messaging
    - Karl: Those we know, we can do. Those we don't, Jamie's help would be good.
    - Frech: 1-pager.
      - Could do more with data. FB push.
  - Palladino: Do we have a list of names for our external conversations with Athletics and Admissions?
    - Trenary: We have a list. But not much more.
