---
title: September 10, 2020 Working Group Call
---
## Summary
- Rec Sports introduction meeting
    - Positive. They brag about us to peers at other institutions.
    - Elbel is most likely location for a rugby field
        - Difficult to know much more without a lead donor
    - We need to specify our goals
- First draft of Working Vision
    - Will continue to get specific
    - Messaging of both operational and long-term items needs to be clear and avoid complication
    - Funding mechanics need to be addressed

## Further meeting detail
### Present
- Jake Bodner
- Joel Conzelmann
- Kevin Cunningham
- Jamie Frech
- John Palladino
- Vanessa Rojano
- Karl Seibert
- Andrew Swain
- Matt Trenary
- Aaron Turk
- Tom Warburton
- James Wilber

### Detailed notes
- Rec Sports meeting was positive and engaging
    - They brag about us to peers at other instutitions. Mainly because of endowment.
    - Elbel is most likely field for rugby
        - Rentals are important to Rec Sports budget but Elbel is rarely rented
        - Can ask them about upkeep cost
        - Wilber: Discussion of scheduling and control got hazy in meeting
            - They block off times for Club Sports and for Rentals. These are separate people in Rec Sports.
            - Concern remains
        - Seibert: What happens with a Rec Sports field when a team begins varsity play in Athletics?
            - Plenty of examples of shared facilities but priority is unclear
        - Rec Sports doesn't think Athletics needs additional outdoor space
        - Difficult for Rec Sports to get specific about Elbel without a lead donor
        - Wilber: We have a long run-up to investigating and researching
    - Specification of goals remains our priority for 2020
- First draft of Working Vision
    - "Working" means it can change
    - Currently created to meet a wide variety of potential audiences
    - Specificity is good and will help us. Work will continue here.
    - Donors can change vision
        - Difficulty projecting exact numbers without knowledge of specific donors
    - Trainers are the immediate priority
    - Big question is funding mechanics: annual asks, long-term pledges, endowment, something else?
        - This question is applicable to other items
        - Club Sports does not help with the funding of trainers
            - Uncommon amongst peers
    - Fear of conflicting messages with operational and long-term goals
        - Big project offers variety of donor items on the menu
    - Donation growth needs to be exponential to attain goals
    - Two teams or four (club + varsity). Needs to be clear on presentation so it's clear to donors.
    - Seibert: Any intel on what we should expect from significant donors?
        - Rec Sports development team hasn't hesitated when shown numbers
        - Rec Sports development team will review before we launch
    - Hitting intermediate goals like covering trainer costs is important
    - Frech: Has the Rec Sports development team provided examples from other teams?
        - Women's club water polo raised money for an endowment. Messaging was simple and we can improve upon it.
