---
title: October 8, 2020 Working Group call
---

## Summary
- Working Vision draft iterations to continue
    - Priorities are on the right track but adjustments will be made to language
    - More details to be added for some priorities
    
## Further meeting detail
### Present
- Jake Bodner
- Joel Conzelmann
- Kevin Cunningham
- Jeff Hagan
- John Moore
- John Palladino
- Karl Seibert
- Matt Trenary
- Tom Warburton
- James Wilber

### Detailed notes
- Audience
    - Mainly for us now
    - Will eventually tailor different visions for different audiences
- Prioritization overview
    - Trying to balance long- and short-term goals
    - These are defaults and subject to change, especially donor interests
    - Seibert:
        - First thought was to get very specific on timeline and goals
        - But too much depends on donations
- Access for all players
    - We are currently providing access, but the target here is at the higher levels while maintaining access
    - Suggested language of "Opportunities for players at all levels"
- Admissions and increased budget priorities
    - What about additional student resource items like study tables, etc?
    - Wilber: Do these go with admissions?
        - Trenary: Not sure these move the needle compared with admissions
        - Seibert: Could tie them in with operational items
    - Palladino: Trainers are high up as a prioritization
        - Trenary: Increased budget was originally just trainers, but there are more items needed
    - Warburton: Suggested language of "player support"
    - Moore: Should provide more build-out on these items. i.e., What does admissions mean? What does full-time coaching mean?
- Admissions
    - Hagan: Specify 0 players admitted
    - Warburton: Provide some details on academic abilities of applying players
    - Palladino: Is Admissions really the top priority?
        - Responses: These items are all tied together. Need all.
- High-level priority summaries
    - What's the priority, what's the benchmark, what's the funding
- Full-time coaching
    - Palladino: This means coaches employed within the university?
        - Yes
    - Seibert: And market-rate compensation
    - Assistants within university pre-varsity isn't clear
- Field/facility
    - Purpose is to use this to talk to potential lead donors
    - Hagan:
        - Space to honor our legacy is key
            - Something smaller at Mitchell in the short-term?
            - Should help grow the larger vision
            - Can go to games now, but no backdrop for additional conversation
    - Bodner: Elbel would be amazing from a student perspective, especially recruiting
    - Warburton: The recognition of older eras would encourage donations
    - Wilber: Shared space model is where we are, but ownership is interesting to consider
- Prioritization method
    - Palladino: This is prioritized by on-field impact?
        - Yes
- Increased budget
    - Palladino: Where does access to facilties fit in?
        - Trenary: Rec Sports relationship with Athletics is the current issue. Need to talk to Athletics
        - Bodner: And funding if we wanted to consider something off-campus
    - Wilber: We're going to have bumps and this is all going to help us overcome them
    - Endowment numbers are good to see here
- Access for all
    - Wilber: We're doing a good job here
    - Hagan: Agree. But should get our facilities and endowment to a place that reflects our rich tradition
- 2021-2022 Development Impacts
    - Hagan:
        - This is a good slide
        - Referenced past meeting with David Canter who highlighted some key areas for the U. Keep him involved.
    - Wilber: Best place to find big donors is in current donor pool. Keep working our small events.
- Specific language around women and men equity
    - Hagan: Should be well thought-out
    - Palladino: Makes sense but how do the current separate endowments fit if there's a shared endowment?
