---
title: August 13, 2020 Working Group Call
---
## Summary
### Aligned on


### Other significant notes

## Further meeting detail
### Present
- Jake Bodner
- Kevin Cunningham
- Wes Farrow
- Jamie Frech
- Jeff Hagan
- John Moore
- Vanessa Rojano
- Karl Seibert
- Ben Shapiro
- Andrew Swain
- Matt Trenary
- Aaron Turk
- Tom Warburton
- James Wilber

### Detailed notes
- Met with Rec Sports development team
    - Summary
        - Positive and encouraging
            - Plenty of evidence that our efforts to improve this relationship are working
        - Weren't concerned with inclusion of varsity pursuit but suggested to focus on short-term priorities first
        - Support us using our connections which may be better than theirs
        - Open to meeting Working Group and Trenary will schedule
        - Elbel discussions are delayed as Covid has delayed their main facility priority, the new CCRB
    - Takeaway: We need to develop detailed goals and priorities
- Cunningham: What's the team's current status during Covid?
    - All Club Sports must apply to return to action
    - No competitions happening this fall but are hoping for practices with balls
- Frech: Any discussion of field locations?
    - Have only mentioned Elbel though past discussions make all Rec Sports fields seem available
- Seibert: What does Rec Sports want from us?
    - Trenary:
        - A plan with priorities, milestones, etc.
        - Can't engage donors if there aren't immediate priorities
        - Long-term objectives can be on the "menu" in case conversations head that way
        - Small amounts of money (e.g. $500) intended for a large project (e.g. a field) can be tracked. Large amounts (e.g. $100k) may necessitate a separate fund.
- Wilber: What's the Rec Sports development team's scope?
    - Rec Sports. They will not provide hours, data, or expertise for an off-campus facility or something in Athletics.
- Cunningham: Would Rec Sports provide any financial support toward a campaign?
    - Trenary:
        - Don't expect much if any
        - They would support a project that benefits other sports
            - Cunningham: Would be a hard sell to find significant rugby support for a facility with lots of other teams getting free rides
- Wilber: City fields across from Mitchell. Is there possibility of working toward something with the city's sports commission?
    - Trenary:
        - I really don't know
        - Third option here is a field in Athletics. They are the only department that supports sport-specific facilities.
- Frech: What priorities does what percentage of a project's goal get us?
    - Trenary:
        - Only one discussion with Mike Widen (Director of Rec Sports) and Lisa Shea (Associate Director)
        - Brief mention of raising half of the project to get priority practice times but nothing set at all
- Seibert: Should we reach out to our contacts now? Could be good to get feedback on raw, unfinished vision here.
    - Trenary will discuss with Schiller
    - Frech:
        - Previous conversations with NIRA, the NCAA women's rugby group
            - Wilber: Are some teams trying to progress administratively in preparation of varsity pursuit?
                - Frech: Some small schools have, but not many large schools where that jump is less likely
        - They suggested finding the right connection with Athletics is important
        - Also mentioned need for the right pitch, which currently isn't evident when U-M is in Title IX compliance
    - Trenary: John Paul, former men's lacrosse coach, is another possible contact
    - Wilber: Some past connections with women's lacrosse team
- Turk: Have we had any conversations with Athletics? Do we need to refine vision or can we start now?
    - Trenary: No talks yet, was planning on waiting until we had a working vision
    - Frech:
        - NIRA suggested having the right contacts and pitch first
            - Diversity recruitment might matter as an incentive to Athletics?
        - Maybe we can start doing some homework now?
    - Athletics probably busy with Covid and more likely to cut teams than entertain meetings from non-Athletics teams
- Warburton: If Rec Sports is looking for clear plan, what are we prioritizing?
    - Trenary:
        - Need to decide but the short list is admissions, full-time trainer, full-time coaching. Maybe some travel/operations items.
        - Bodner is working on long-term budget to build back to short-term priorities
    - Seibert:
        - Admissions has been identified as the biggest separator between good and bad teams
            - Trenary: Doesn't cost money so could pursue and prioritize other fundraising goals
        - Big question is, why is now the right time?
            - Frech: Is the U losing enrollment?
                - Trenary: No
                - Moore: But there is a national trend working against higher ed
                - Trenary: In-state applicants are definitely in decline
                - Farrow: Maybe in-roads with urban Detroit schools could help?
                    - Trenary: Mike Brooks of SAC is helping work on a partnership between the team and Detroit Loyola high school team
            - Trenary: Part of the reason for now is the shifting landscape of collegiate rugby into haves and have nots
- Trenary: What details do we need to know about a field before we can include in our working vision?
    - Wilber:
        - Hours per week of football is an important consideration for cost
        - Other functions (e.g., seating and press box) play into cost
        - $1.5m to $15m is generally the range here
    - Shapiro: Main detail is control. Would we have a formal agreement?
        - Trenary: We won't know by the team we have a working vision but absolutely would get a formal agreement no matter what avenue we pursue.
- Trenary: Next steps
    - Arrange meeting between working group and Club Sports
    - Start draft of working vision to get detailed about our goals and timeline
        - This should help clarify some pieces we've discussed such as the field and the men's and women's collaboration
