---
title: February 18, 2021 Working Group call
---

## Summary
- Changes to Working Vision are good
  - Rec Sports to lead on Improved Player Support and Facility
  - MRF to lead on Admissions and Full-time coaching
  - No prioritization; pursue in parallel
  - "Opportunities for players of all levels" is the overarching goal, not a foundational element
- Moving to Task Forces is good
  - Will reach out to gauge areas of interest

## Further meeting detail
### Present
- Jake Bodner
- Wes Farrow
- Jamie Frech
- George Janke
- Meg Loomis
- John Moore
- Matt Trenary
- Tom Warburton
- James Wilber

### Detailed notes
- Trenary:
  - Spoke with Rec Sports, they are very supportive of separation of pursuits but presented together
    - Rec Sports to lead on Improved Player Support and Facility
    - MRF to lead on Admissions and Full-time coaching
  - Edited presentation to reflect, and to make "Opportunies for players of all levels" the overarching goal, not a foundational element
- Farrow: Good timing for MRF. These items help provide strategic vision.
- Moore: Are the Rec Sports locations set for facility pursuit?
  - Trenary: No, that could all change
- Trenary:
  - Move to Task Forces for MR30 so we can pursue all in parallel
    - Messaging, Improved Player Support, Facility, Admissions, Full-time Coaching
    - Will look for leaders of each
  - Janke: Would think a player on Messaging would make sense
    - Bodner:
      - Agree on players providing testimonials
      - Would caution against overreliance on single person or students
      - Can be a point person for a class or two
        - Moore: Yeah, it's a team effort. rallying around our small groups and generations is a strength
    - Frech:
      - Yeah, let's build a library of footage, testimonials, etc.
      - Alums want engagement
      - Do we know what Rec Sports will use?
        - Trenary: No, will ask
  - Warburton: Which groups are best from afar?
    - Trenary: Maybe Improved Player Support? Will provide more detail.
- Farrow: Conversation aligning well with MRF
- Bodner: Is there a way to use interns/others from Business or Kinese?
  - Wilber: Have connection to School of Information project program
  - Loomis: Monica Chen was UX major. Frech will contact.
- Trenary:
  - Will ask everyone about TFs
  - Will connect with Rec Sports and Frech about messaging and next steps
