## Summary
- Initial emails sharing the vision deck continue from the Improved Player Support Task Force
- Messaging Task Force workshopping some tagline options and preparing web build out
- Full-time Coaching Task Force will reach out to other programs for more information on their process
- Trenary working up a document decribing team needs prioritization for the Facility Task Force

## Further meeting detail
### Present
- Jake Bodner
- Joel Conzelmann
- Jamie Demers
- Nate Fisher
- Jamie Frech
- George Janke
- Tianna Kilgore
- Karl Seibert
- Andrew Swain
- Matt Trenary
- Tom Warburton
- James Wilber

### Detailed notes
- Improved Player Support
  - Demers
    - First round emails happening
    - Positive responses
    - Some second round emails starting
  - Frech
    - Can I see examples of emails?
    - Trenary: Sure. Making it up and evolving as we go.
  - Demers
    - Palladino going to talk to MRF about communication trainer drive to their donors
    - Bosma will help gather testimonials
    - Within all messaging push OBW
- Full-time coaching
  - Swain
    - Know target. Need roadmap.
    - Looking at roles and responsibilities
  - Warburton
    - Reaching out to other programs to get intel on process
    - Swain working a lacrosse connection.
    - Frech has contacts with women's varsity teams
      - Only PSU and ND in women's Big Ten have paid coaching
    - All contacts can be pushed toward task force
- Messaging
  - Frech
    - Got feedback from first tagline "United"
      - Had a soccer connotation
    - Exploring others
      - Need a dynamic theme (can change through the process)
      - But do need a single Michigan Rugby: [blank]
    - Value proposition
      - Needs to be a connection
    - Foundational elements of vision can have their own tagline
  - Top 10 suggested tag lines can get workshopped with small group
    - Will invite Trenary and Seibert to meet with messaging group
    - Can consider usaged and potential wireframes
  - Want it to run on its own once we launch
  - Seibert
    - When workshopping, thinking back to early conversations in MR30, two elements were inclusivity and winning
    - Main future donors might not have even played here so messaging shouldn't be esoteric
    - Frech
      - Yes, wants it to be flexible
  - Frech
    - Other next steps. Building out web within the different groups
    - Incorporate within each site
    - Consider a standalone site. Or maybe within MRF?
- Facility
  - Wilber: Taking notes on the above so we can repeat Facility work/conversations similar to how IPS conversations are happening
  - Identify people at OBW, keep up the conversations
    - Not going to be operationally involved, but just keep them in the know on our progress
  - Participation seems key (inclusivity)
    - OBW: Who came. Who has given.
    - They will become interested in what parts they are interested in
  - Trenary drafting written team prioritization needs
    - Wilber cross-referencing with past event resources
  - Trenary
    - IPS emails are really doubling as facility reachout right now too
  - Wilber
      - Stay in contact with Seibert communications. Don't want too much.
  - Seibert
    - How do we get people to "sign up" at OBW
    - Wilber
      - Could incorporate something digital that isn't just another Zoom
  - Trenary
    - Stanford group worked to reinstate cut sports. Solid example of site with sign up.
    - Frech
      - Could put into separate sites too
- Admissions
  - Need to have a conversation with debate about tagging
- Seibert
  - Joint ball campaign was great and went over its goal
  - Speaks to a great campaign and community
  - Frech
    - Some people asking "Am I too late"
    - Get to point them to the next one and what's coming up.
