---
title: Weekly Update
---
# July 5, 2020
## Previous Week's Discussion
- **Frech**:
    - Collaboration between men and women is helpful no matter what path the men choose
    - If the vision is clear and unified, it makes sense to launch a joint campaign for funding
    - Investigating non-varsity admissions assistance in parallel with varsity pursuit is desired because of current competitive needs
    - Rec Sports development would provide Athletics connections but back off if varsity is pursued since Athletics is a separate department
- **Palladino**:
    - Collaboration between men and women is helpful no matter what path the men choose
    - Admissions (and all other needs) should be pursued in parallel with varsity decision/pursuit
    - Admissions likely won't solve all team's problems. Still other difficulties within Club Sports like facility access.
- **Lisi**:
    - Donations to both teams could help the MRF's donor pool diversity and thus their 501(c)(3) status longevity
- **Haldane**:
    - Title IX hasn't always helped men's programs
- **Trenary**:
    - A lot of things going against fringe sports like rugby. Self-financing helps maintain program agency.

## Working Group Update
- **Haldane** moving to bench and will re-engage for fundraising. **Rose** and **Cunningham** can connect with him in the mean time.

## Project Updates
### Organize working group cadence
- Call Thursday, July 9, 8p
    - Targeting second Thursdays
    - Will likely shuffle time to accommodate schedules
- Continuing with weekly email questions
- **Trenary** will announce August call with more advanced notice. Possibly this week.
- Will remove this project and handle on ongoing basis

### Gather additional input or solicit additional working group help
- **Trenary** and **Bodner** discussed with full team
    - General acceptance and understanding
    - Some expressed desire for varsity+club scenario
    - Additional expressed desire to compete and win
- **Trenary** reached out to Steve Cohen for opinions, specifically on men's and women's collaboration
- **Trenary** continuing to reach out to alumni for additional feedback and to inform significant Michigan Rugby figures
    - Likely will be adding to the Bench

### Confirm stance on pursuit of varsity
- In general, comments indicate that varsity should be pursued in so much that it offers the necessary elements for a successful program
- In general, comments indicate that individual necessary elements will be pursued in parallel

### Establish initial project timeline
- Have received no feedback. Will check in on call and remove this project in favor of individual questions/projects.

### Share initial vision thoughts with Rec Sports development
- **Seibert** has a draft that **Trenary** and **Bodner** are reviewing
- Summer check-in email actually this week (Tuesday) which will clear up bandwidth for next steps

### Clarify collaboration between men's and women's teams
- General Support for collaboration no matter the men's team path
- **Trenary** reached out to Steve Cohen for insight on men's and women's collaboration
